Add missing files (#3448)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/install-and-setup/setup/mi-setup/observability/logs/enabling_component_logs.md

2.  Click <b>Log Configs</b> on the left-hand navigator to open the <b>Logging Management</b> window.
3.  Go to the <b>Add Loggers</b> tab and define the new logger.

    <img alt="add new loggers using dashboard" src="{{base_path}}assets/img/integrate/monitoring-dashboard/add-logger.png">

    <table>
        <tr>
            <th>
                Logger Name
            </th>
            <td>
                Give a name for the logger.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th>
                Class
            </th>
            <td>
                Specify the class implementation of the component for which the logger is defined.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th>
                Log Level
            </th>
            <td>
                Specify the <a href="{{base_path}}/install-and-setup/setup/mi-setup/observability/logs/configuring_log4j_properties/#updating-the-log4j2-log-level">log level</a>.
            </td>
        </tr>
    </table>
 
### Using the CLI

1.  Download and set up the [API Controller]({{base_path}}/install-and-setup/setup/api-controller/getting-started-with-wso2-api-controller).

> 2.  Issue commands to view logs for the required Micro Integrator artifacts. For more information, see [Managing Integrations with apictl]({{base_path}}/install-and-setup/setup/api-controller/managing-integrations/managing-integrations-with-ctl).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Use the commands for [adding a new logger]({{base_path}}/install-and-setup/setup/api-controller/managing-integrations/managing-integrations-with-ctl/#add-a-new-logger) to the Micro Integrator.
```

## Printing Logs

> By default, when you enable logs for a component, the logs get printed to the server console and the <b>carbon log file</b>. When there are error logs, these are also printed to the <b>error log file</b>. These log files are stored in the `MI_HOME/repository/logs/` directory.

Reviewer 2: Shall we add this 
`MI_HOME/repository/logs/`
as 
`<MI_HOME>/repository/logs/`

By default, all loggers print logs to the destinations configured for the [root logger](../configuring_log4j_properties/#root-logs). If you want to print logs to new destinations, you can define new [appenders](../configuring_log4j_properties/#log4j2-appenders). 

> For example, you will define new appenders when you want to have [per-service log files](../../../develop/enabling-logs-for-services/) or [per-api log files](../../../develop/enabling-logs-for-api/).

Reviewer 2: If these are not pages used with the includes extension, we can replace ../ with {{base_path}}
